it was October 1943 the United States
government authorized an experiment that
would render it ships undetectable by
radar the experiment took place on a
ship in Philadelphia Harbor General
Reuters activated sir for 41 years the
government denied it ever happened I
don't believe this the Eldridge is
vanished of course she has
she's radar invisible no sir she's
really vanished but one ship did
disappear and two of the crew suddenly
find themselves in the present maybe all
this isn't real you tell me this is my
imagination you think the Navy knows
they're doing you saw that guys on the
boat this wasn't supposed to happen to
me
Michael Perret somehow we got moved in
time this not this time it's not ours
1943 was yesterday for me mimsy Allen
what sort of experiment is it is it some
kind of secret thing is that well all
that story told the doctors back there
you know about time in 1943 do you
believe it I believe that you believe it
and Bobby Lee Chico hey can't go through
this again
the Philadelphia Experiment they opened
a hole in time and it stayed open good
God there it is
now the government needs the one man who
can stop the experiment
you
I keep getting negative pressure it
keeps going down it's impossible
pulling everything
now we can't stop it but I believe that
you can he's lying David mr. Conover I
gotta go
communication ceases when you enter the
vortex we won't be able to help you
the Philadelphia Experiment